- MARSHALL: (VIA RADIO) ###
- JESSE: She's in trouble.
I need to reach her.
- DARLING: The Astral Plane.
Similar to an iceberg, what you see
is not what you always get.
Regardless, this place is vitally
important to the bureau.
Most information on
the Astral Plane is classified but...
We can talk in broad strokes ###.
Keeping in mind, that these are
staggeringly complex systems.
And simplification does them no justice.
Now, the white, non-space.
The ever present, inverted black pyramid.
The Board... All linked.
Intrisically tied to the Oldest House.
Tied to the director.
The process of choosing a director.
Tied to all Objects of Power...
...in terms of who controls them.
Yes.
♪ (OUTRO MUSIC) ♪
(INDISTINCT UNINTELLIGIBLE SPEAKING)
♪ (INTRO MUSIC) ♪
An early hypothesis was that the mindscape
of the Astral Plane is subjective.
But that was fast proving wrong,
it's an actual place.
Not a constructible ###.
But then one could argue that
that's the case of all realities.
We've been able to record the footage of the Astral Plane
by monitoring the brain activity of those who experience ###.
That is the Oldest House ###
has come out of the Astral Plane ###.
(STUTTERS) Apart from shocking exception
In the Astral Plane footage,
we're always in the ### of the pyramid.
We've concluded that this, not the entire plane,
is what the Board controls.
We have glimps... ###.
###.
Contact was made.
We don't have footages of this ###.
But when one of our ### return ###.
###
♪ (OUTRO MUSIC) ♪
(DOOR HISSING)
(ALARM GOES OFF)
- JESSE: I can't believe
they keep that thing here!
What was the bureau doing with that thing?
- MARSHAL: (VIA RADIO) Someone answers!
Dammit! We need backup down here!
- JESSE: Marshal, are you still there?
Shit! We're so close!
We need to hurry!
- MARSHAL: If anyone is listening,
we've been countered heavy resistance.
We've fallen back
to the Luck & Probability. All agents...
- JESSE: Marshal, can you hear me?
- MARSHAL: Yes, I can hear you.
Who is this?
- JESSE: My name is Jesse Faden.
I'm coming to help.
- MARSHAL: Faden? Hold on,
I'm sending the elevator for you. We need to talk.
- JESSE: You got that right.
(ENEMIES SPAWN)
More of you? Really?
(ELEVATOR BELL RINGS)
- RANGER: Welcome to the Party, ma'am.
Marshal is right down the hall.
- MARSHAL: There you are.
I was starting to worry.
Congratulations in your appoinment,
director Faden.
I'm Helen Marshal,
Head Bureau of Operations.
Zachary is dead then.
And I assume you found his gun.
- JESSE: Just call me Jesse.
Trench told me to find you.
He said you could help.
- MARSHAL: And he told you this
through the Hotline? Make sense.
- JESSE: None of this ### her?
Really?
- MARSHAL: Here's the situation.
Darling created the HRAs in a lab nearby.
We need more or we're not gonna survive the attack.
My rangers can't secure the lab alone
not against those things.
We need more fire power.
- JESSE: At least, she seems to know
what's going on here.
She could know about Dylan.
I can clear out the Hiss.
I'll be your fire power.
- MARSHAL: That's a good answer!
- JESSE: Is she testing me?
- MARSHAL: Darling has systems in place
to protect his labs.
This should help you get past them.
We'll talk more
after you clear out the Hiss.
Rangers, let her through.
We'll have to lock the door behind you.
Sorry, but we can't risk the ###.
### what's the situation?
(DISTANT GUNFIRE)
- JESSE: I see rangers over there.
We have to help them.
This way ### the lab.
Okay.
You must like these HRAs.
Sounds like Darling built them.
And most of the things around here.
If Marshal can't help us with Dylan.
He's our next best bet.
Assuming he's not dead.
Or taken over... by the Hiss.
You led me here.
Any idea how to make it work?
- MARSHAL: Hello again, director.
It appears we have a new problem.
We need to get the HRA machine ###.
- JESSE: I've replaced
a couple of spark plugs but...
...this looks a bit more complicated.
- MARSHAL: Darling must've had a system.
### in his nature.
The punchcards, the symbols, the terminals.
How do they connect?
- JESSE: I'll see what I can do.
- MARSHAL: So, we need to find
all the punchcards.
(MACHINE POWERS ON)
The prism is shattered.
Darling's prototypes have a lot of issues.
We need a new plan.
We need more blackrock prisms
to make this machine work.
Darling has another lab. Down
in the Blackrock Processing site Maintenance.
That must be where he keeps the prisms.
- JESSE: I've been in Maintenance already.
I can find my way.
How long will that take?
Nothing here is simple.
I need to ask her now.
Before I go.
I need something from you first.
What do you know about Dylan Faden?
- MARSHAL: I knew this was coming.
Lives are at stake here. And we need
this machine working to save those lives.
Once that is done, director Faden,
then we can talk.
- JESSE: She's right.
As much as I don't want to admit it.
I'm the only one who can help.
Fine. I'll get the prisms first.
Dylan, we'll have to wait
just a little longer.
But don't call me director.
Jesse is fine.
- MARSHAL: I'll call you Faden.
Here. You'll need this key card.
- JESSE: Thanks.
Emily Pope has set up a base in Executive.
Once I have the prism,
I'll meet you there.
- MARSHAL: Right. I'll ### immediately.
And keep an eye out for Darling.
Finding him might be the key
to stopping the Hiss.
(PROJECTOR ROLLING)
- DARLING: ### scale HRA.
###
We are about to be exposed
to a different kind of resonance.
Hostile...
Viral...
Invasive... resonance.
That's...
That's what the Hedron Resonance Ampliers are for.
Taking the protection Hedron can provide us.
And keeping us from something ###.
- MARSHAL: Here. This will lead back
to Central Research.
(DOOR HISSING)